Welcome back.
In this quick video we're going to introduce a very friendly new feature to 2015 called template strings.
You may have used this in other languages with a different syntax and it's sometimes known as string
interpellation.
Here's how it works.
It's often quite tedious to concatenate values with strings.
Let's see an example.
I'm going to make a variable called first name and assign it to the string Ellie on another variable
last name and assign it to the string Shoppach.
Now if I want to make a new variable called greeting which is the result of the string hello.
And the first name variable and the last name variable I have to use the plus operator and worry about
spacing.
It's a bit tedious and easy to mess up.
Thankfully in 2015 we have an easier way to do that.
And that's through the use of template strings to start with a template string.
We can use a single Bacchic and evaluate any variables using a dollar sign.
And then the variable inside of curly braces might look a bit strange at first but it makes life much
easier.
Another useful feature of template strings is that it allows us to easily write multi-line strings instead
of having to use the newline character at the end of each line.
We can just use of tactic to start a multi-line string and then close it with a back deck.
There we go in the next video.
We'll examine how to write aero functions to reduce the amount of code we need to write.
See that.